com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/SignupTabFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.SignupTabFragmentBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/ChatbotModel.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.ChatbotModel
com/monika/smartreaders/BuildConfig.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.BuildConfig
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/fragments/UserSettings.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$Callbacks
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$2
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$3
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$4
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$5
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/LoginTabFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.LoginTabFragmentBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/SimpleItem.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.SimpleItem
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.SimpleItem$ViewHolder
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/LatestNewCardsingleviewBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.LatestNewCardsingleviewBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/DrawerItem.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.DrawerItem
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ActivityNewsSectionBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ActivityNewsSectionBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/MsSignupBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.MsSignupBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/recentModel.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.recentModel
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ChatbotBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ChatbotBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/DashboardbookOneitemBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.DashboardbookOneitemBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ItemOptionBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ItemOptionBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/BotMsgBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.BotMsgBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/MostViewedCardBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.MostViewedCardBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/SplashScreen.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.SplashScreen
 com.monika.smartreaders.SplashScreen$1
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/SettingsViewModel.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.SettingsViewModel
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MSGraphRequestWrapper.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MSGraphRequestWrapper
 com.monika.smartreaders.MSGraphRequestWrapper$1
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/BookDisplay.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.BookDisplay
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/SettingsModel.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.SettingsModel
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/recentlyViewedAdapter.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.recentlyViewedAdapter
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.recentlyViewedAdapter$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.recentlyViewedAdapter$recentholder
com/monika/smartreaders/MsAuthPage.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$1$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$2
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$3
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$4
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$5
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$6
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$7
 com.monika.smartreaders.MsAuthPage$8
com/monika/smartreaders/ChatBot.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ChatBot
 com.monika.smartreaders.ChatBot$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.ChatBot$RetrieveFeedTask
com/monika/smartreaders/DrawerAdapter.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.DrawerAdapter
 com.monika.smartreaders.DrawerAdapter$OnItemSelectedListener
 com.monika.smartreaders.DrawerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/MessageRVAdapter.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.MessageRVAdapter
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.MessageRVAdapter$BotViewHolder
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.MessageRVAdapter$UserViewHolder
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/ProfileViewModel.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.ProfileViewModel
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ActivityBookViewBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ActivityBookViewBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/innerBooks/BookListDisplay.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.BookListDisplay
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/DashboardFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.DashboardFragmentBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/RegisterResponse.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.RegisterResponse
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/SampleListviewBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.SampleListviewBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/fragments/Home.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.Home
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/TraidumpBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.TraidumpBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/BookViewActivity.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.BookViewActivity
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.BookViewActivity$pdfView
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/DrawerMenuBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.DrawerMenuBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/fragments/MyProfile.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.MyProfile
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/SpaceItem.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.SpaceItem
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.SpaceItem$ViewHolder
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/innerBooks/NewSection.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.NewSection
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/LatestAdapter.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.LatestAdapter
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.LatestAdapter$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.LatestAdapter$latestViewHolder
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/latestRecords.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.latestRecords
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/Dashboard.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.Dashboard
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/BookAdapter.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter$bookviewholder
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/TopRatedSingleViewBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.TopRatedSingleViewBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/MainUI/fragments/Main_Dashboard.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$1
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$2
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$3
 com.monika.smartreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$4
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/FsggdaBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.FsggdaBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ActivityCustomDashboardBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ActivityCustomDashboardBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/ModelResponse/User.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ModelResponse.User
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/UserMsgBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.UserMsgBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/TpBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.TpBinding
com/monika/smartreaders/ConnectionEstablishment.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.ConnectionEstablishment
com/monika/smartreaders/databinding/ActivityDashboardBinding.java
 com.monika.smartreaders.databinding.ActivityDashboardBinding
