com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivityNewsSectionBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivityNewsSectionBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/FavFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.FavFragmentBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/BranchUiBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.BranchUiBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/DrawerMenuBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.DrawerMenuBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/SampleListviewBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.SampleListviewBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/fragments/Main_Dashboard.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$2
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$3
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$4
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$5
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$5$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$6
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Main_Dashboard$6$1
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivityCatMainSectionBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivityCatMainSectionBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivityEngineeringBranchBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivityEngineeringBranchBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/LoginActivity.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.LoginActivity
 com.monika.greatreaders.LoginActivity$1
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/RegisterResponse.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.RegisterResponse
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/LatestNewCardsingleviewBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.LatestNewCardsingleviewBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/BuildConfig.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.BuildConfig
com/monika/greatreaders/DrawerAdapter.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.DrawerAdapter
 com.monika.greatreaders.DrawerAdapter$OnItemSelectedListener
 com.monika.greatreaders.DrawerAdapter$ViewHolder
com/monika/greatreaders/LoginTabFragment.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.LoginTabFragment
 com.monika.greatreaders.LoginTabFragment$1
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/SpaceItem.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.SpaceItem
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.SpaceItem$ViewHolder
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/fragments/Favourite.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Favourite
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Favourite$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Favourite$1$1
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/LatestAdapter.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.LatestAdapter
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.LatestAdapter$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.LatestAdapter$latestViewHolder
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/BookAdapter.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter$1$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter$2
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter$2$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.BookAdapter$bookviewholder
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/recentlyViewedAdapter.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.recentlyViewedAdapter
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.recentlyViewedAdapter$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.recentlyViewedAdapter$recentholder
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/LoginTabFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.LoginTabFragmentBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/SimpleItem.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.SimpleItem
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.SimpleItem$ViewHolder
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/User.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.User
com/monika/greatreaders/ListCreation.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ListCreation
 com.monika.greatreaders.ListCreation$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.ListCreation$1$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.ListCreation$UpdationOfBooks
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/innerBooks/BookListDisplay.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.BookListDisplay
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.BookListDisplay$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.BookListDisplay$1$1
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/DashboardbookOneitemBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.DashboardbookOneitemBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/topRatedAdapter.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.topRatedAdapter
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.topRatedAdapter$ratedholder
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/DashboardFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.DashboardFragmentBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/FragmentProfileBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.FragmentProfileBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/innerBooks/EngineeringBranch.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.EngineeringBranch
com/monika/greatreaders/SignUpTabFragment.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.SignUpTabFragment
 com.monika.greatreaders.SignUpTabFragment$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.SignUpTabFragment$2
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivityDashboardBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivityDashboardBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/TpBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.TpBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ItemOptionBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ItemOptionBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/fragments/eng_branch.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$2
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$3
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$4
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$5
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$6
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$7
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$8
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.eng_branch$9
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/recentModel.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.recentModel
com/monika/greatreaders/SplashScreen.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.SplashScreen
 com.monika.greatreaders.SplashScreen$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.SplashScreen$1$1
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/TopRatedSingleViewBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.TopRatedSingleViewBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/SharedPref.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.SharedPref
com/monika/greatreaders/LoginAdapter.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.LoginAdapter
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/SignupTabFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.SignupTabFragmentBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/SettingsModel.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.SettingsModel
com/monika/greatreaders/Phone_take_Activity.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.Phone_take_Activity
 com.monika.greatreaders.Phone_take_Activity$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.Phone_take_Activity$2
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/FirebaseRegister.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.FirebaseRegister
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/AboutUsBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.AboutUsBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/Dashboard.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.Dashboard
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/RecyclerView/WishListAdapter.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.WishListAdapter
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.WishListAdapter$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.RecyclerView.WishListAdapter$wishlistholder
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/fragments/UserSettings.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$Callbacks
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$2
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$3
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$4
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$5
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.UserSettings$SettingsAdapter$ViewHolder
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/HomeFragmentBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.HomeFragmentBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivityCustomDashboardBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivityCustomDashboardBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/PhonePageBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.PhonePageBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/TraidumpBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.TraidumpBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/PhoneOtp.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp$2
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp$3
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp$4
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp$4$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp$5
 com.monika.greatreaders.PhoneOtp$6
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/fragments/AboutUs.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.AboutUs
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/fragments/Home.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Home
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Home$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.Home$1$1
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/ActivityBookViewBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.ActivityBookViewBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/innerBooks/NewSection.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.NewSection
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/innerBooks/CatMainSection.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.CatMainSection
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.CatMainSection$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.CatMainSection$2
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.CatMainSection$3
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.CatMainSection$4
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.innerBooks.CatMainSection$5
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/latestRecords.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.latestRecords
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/ProfileViewModel.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.ProfileViewModel
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/SettingsViewModel.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.SettingsViewModel
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/fragments/MyProfile.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.MyProfile
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.MyProfile$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.MyProfile$1$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.fragments.MyProfile$1$1$1
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/PhoneOtpBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.PhoneOtpBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/DrawerItem.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.DrawerItem
com/monika/greatreaders/databinding/MostViewedCardBinding.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.databinding.MostViewedCardBinding
com/monika/greatreaders/MainUI/BookViewActivity.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.BookViewActivity
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.BookViewActivity$1
 com.monika.greatreaders.MainUI.BookViewActivity$pdfView
com/monika/greatreaders/ModelResponse/BookDisplay.java
 com.monika.greatreaders.ModelResponse.BookDisplay
